Update examples (#271)
libp2p/js-libp2p: examples/delegated-routing/README.md

1. Install IPFS locally if you dont already have it. [Install Guide](https://docs.ipfs.io/introduction/install/)
2. Run the IPFS daemon: `ipfs daemon`
3. The daemon will output a line about its API address, like `API server listening on /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/8080`
4. In another window output the addresses of the node: `ipfs id`. Make note of the websocket address, it will contain `/ws/` in the address.

> 5. In `./src/libp2p-bundle.js` replace the `delegatedApiOptions` host and port of your node, if they are different.

Reviewer: I would like to have this changed to the following suggestion, as we start by saying to replace things, but afterwards, just change them if they are different.

```suggestion
5. In `./src/libp2p-bundle.js` check if the host and port of your node are correct, according to the previous step. If they are different, replace them.
```
